What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Creates a .git file and adds it to the git system. IF you don't do it then the version control system will not work?

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area allows you to to add files to the area allowing you to select which files will be included together in a single commit. Working area is after the staging area where you essentially keep adding commits with changes and track the changes made

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

The staging area can be used prior to commiting the changes that have been made in the working area by acting as an intermediary between the commits and the working directory. A staging area basically gives you an oppurtunity to further evalute the changes that you have made thus far before forming a commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches can be used to branch off into different types/versions of the app allowing you to make changes to sub versions of the app without affecting the commit history of the main version thus keeping things more neat and organized.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help you see where the commits started to branch off providing you with an idea of the difference between the branches

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches allow you the benefit to introduce different changes/functions to the code in serperate branches without having one group change the lines of code from underneath the other. Then once both groups have decided to add their features to the master. Git Merge allows you to do it.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git merging will result in the merge completing faster however Git cannot come with the solution for conflicts. Manual merging in such locations is required to figure out the most effective way of navigating the code.
